Boy: DUDE, HOW CAN YOU BE
FAILING SPELL CARDS 101?
Second boy: AW, MAN,
LIVER AND ONIONS AGAIN?
DOES ANYONE ACTUALLY
EAT THAT STUFF?
DOUBT IT. I CAN BARF
JUST LOOKIN' AT IT!
INTERESTED IN
GRABBING SOME LUNCH?
THEY'RE SERVING
YOUR FAVORITE.
LIVER AND ONIONS!
THINK I'LL PASS.
LET ME GUESS.
YOU'RE STILL
DOWN AND OUT
ABOUT JADEN?
FIRST HE'S HERE...
AND THEN THE NEXT
MINUTE HE'S GONE.
HEY, HE'S BACK!
AH... NOT EXACTLY.
CHECK IT OUT, SOLDIERS!
NOW JADEN'S
REALLY GOT MY BACK!
WHEREVER I GO, HE GOES!
AFTER ALL HE'S
MY BEST FRIEND.
JADEN'S ONLY GOT
ONE BEST FRIEND!
AND THAT'S ME!
AND I DON'T NEED
AN IRON-ON
TO PROVE IT!
DON'T GO DISSIN'
MY JACKET!
YOU'RE JUST
JEALOUS OF US
'CAUSE WE'RE
A TWO-MAN ARMY!
YOU'VE BEEN DEMOTED.
BUT IF YOU WANT,
YOU CAN CARRY OUR
SUPPLIES, LITTLE MAN.
LISTEN, YOU LUG NUT!
YOU'RE JUST
A THIRD WHEEL!
THEN I'LL ROLL
RIGHT OVER YOU!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE
GOT TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION "X" ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
COME ON...
I'M ALMOST THERE...
IF I JUST...
GET TO THE TOP...
I'LL BE... AT MY DORM.
THEN I SHOULD...
BE ABLE TO TALK IN...
FULL SENTENCES.
HELLO, DUEL ACADEMY!
JADEN'S BACK!
HUH? THAT'S NOT
DUEL ACADEMY!
I JUST WANNA CHILL
IN MY ROOM!
I HOPE MY FRIENDS ARE
HAVING MORE FUN THAN ME.
Syrus: OW!
Alexis: HOLD STILL!
CUT ME SOME SLACK.
I'M THE VICTIM HERE!
Hassleberry: YEAH, A VICTIM
OF POOR COMBAT TRAINING!
SCRATCHIN' AND HAIR-PULLIN'
ARE ILLEGAL MANEUVERS!
THAT'S WHY I DESERVE
TO BE JADEN'S BEST FRIEND!
THIS WAR'S STILL ON!
BREAK IT UP,
YOU TWO!
YES. WHY CAN'T ALL
THREE OF YOU BE FRIENDS?
Both: I'M NOT SHARING
MY RANK!
Atticus: I KNOW JUST
HOW YOU FEEL, BOYS.
AND I'M HERE TO HELP.
Alexis: ATTICUS?
WHEN DID YOU...
I'VE BEEN SLEEPIN'
UP THERE ALL DAY, SIS.
AND I COULDN'T HELP
BUT NOTICE THIS LITTLE
POWER STRUGGLE.
SO I DROPPED IN.
TO KEEP
THE BAND TOGETHER!
I MEAN, YOU CAN'T
LET YOUR FANS DOWN!
I'M SORRY,
DID I MISS SOMETHING?
EVERYTHING'S
A MUSIC REFERENCE
WITH HIM, REMEMBER?
YOU BOTH WANNA BE
FRONT MAN.
BUT THE PROBLEM IS...
YOU'RE SINGING BACK-UP.
LIKE HER!
SHE DREAMS OF STARDOM,
BUT TAKES A BACK SEAT
TO HER BIG BRO.
[MEOWING]
AAH!
MY FACE!
MY PURE UNBLEMISHED FACE!
AND THERE'S PLENTY MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
WATCH THAT
TEMPER, LEX.
VIOLENCE ISN'T
THE ANSWER.
LIKE YOU TWO
ARE ONES TO TALK!
LOOK, IF YOU REALLY
WANNA SETTLE THIS
"BEST FRIEND" ISSUE,
THEN JUST SHUT UP
AND DUEL ALREADY!
I'M SICK OF HEARING
ABOUT IT!
SHE'S RIGHT!
SUIT UP, SOLDIER!
PREPARE FOR AN ASSAULT!
YOU'RE ON, SARGE!
I'LL TAKE YOUR
TOUGH TALK AND WRAP
IT UP IN A BOX!
THEN I'LL MAIL IT
RIGHT BACK TO YOU!
HA HA HA!
AT LEAST MY ANALOGIES
MAKE SENSE.
[TELEPHONE RINGS]
SORRY TO CALL SO LATE.
BUT WELL...
HAVE YOU SEEN SYRUS?
HOLD ON! HE'S NOT
WITH YOU GUYS?
NO. AND THIS ISN'T
THE FIRST TIME
HE'S RUN OFF IN
THE DEAD OF NIGHT.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
YOU KNOW, I'VE NOTICED
THAT EVER SINCE
JADEN DISAPPEARED,
HE HASN'T BEEN HIMSELF.
THAT BUSINESS
WITH HASSLEBERRY...
I WONDER...
BASTION! YOU DON'T
THINK HE'S OUT LOOKING
FOR JADEN, DO YOU!?
PERHAPS.
THE POOR GUY.
HE HASN'T EATEN IN DAYS
AND NOW HE'S OUT THERE ALONE.
WE'VE GOT TO FIND HIM!
LET'S GO.
Syrus: JADEN!
HELLO?
AAH!
SHOW NO FEAR.
BOY, DO I LOVE BATS.
ESPECIALLY HAIRY ONES
WITH BIG, RED EYES.
AND SNAKES! GOTTA LOVE
THOSE VENOMOUS SNAKES.
JADEN! ANYTIME YOU WANNA
SHOW UP WOULD BE GREAT!
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY WON'T THESE FISH
JUST HOLD STILL?
[STOMACH GROWLING]
MAN, AM I STARVING.
I GOTTA GET MY FOOD ON!
I'D TRADE MY BEST CARDS
FOR ONE SLOPPY JOE!
I'D EVEN SETTLE
FOR LIVER AND ONIONS.
Alexis: SYRUS SHOULD'VE
BEEN HERE BY NOW.
I'M WORRIED, GUYS.
Hassleberry:
HEY, HALF-PINT!
WE SAID 13 HUNDRED
ON THE DOT!
OH, I SEE. LITTLE MAN
MUSTA COME TO HIS SENSES!
Syrus: GUESS AGAIN,
HASSLEBERRY!
WELL, I'LL BE
A DUNG BEETLE.
I WAS SURE THAT YOU
SURRENDERED, SOLDIER!
BUT SINCE THIS
BATTLE'S STILL ON,
LET'S REVIEW THE CONDITIONS.
IF I REIGN VICTORIOUS,
THEN I GET AWARDED
WITH THE TITLE
OF SECOND-IN-COMMAND
TO SERGEANT JADEN YUKI.
AND IF I WIN, YOU'LL
ACCEPT THAT JADEN'S
MY BEST FRIEND!
AND THEN YOU'LL BECOME
MY SECOND-IN-COMMAND!
COME AGAIN?!
NO ONE AUTHORIZED
THAT CONDITION, PRIVATE!
Atticus:
CONDITION AUTHORIZED!
HOLD ON!
WHO MADE YOU REF?
HE PREFERS
TO BE CALLED
"CELEBRITY JUDGE."
AND BESIDES...
YOU'RE NOT
CHICKENING OUT, ARE YOU?
FAT CHANCE!
A HASSLEBERRY
NEVER RETREATS!
IN THAT CASE,
LET THE BATTLE COMMENCE!
NOW LET ME SHOW YA
HOW THE GAME IS PLAYED!
AND THIS GUY'S UP FIRST!
AMBULANCEROID
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL TOSS
THIS FACE DOWN...
AND GIVE YOU A SHOT.
BUT I'VE GOT NEWS
FOR YA, PAL!
YOU'LL NEVER
BREAK US UP!
JADEN AND I ARE A TEAM!
AND WE'VE BEEN
KICKIN' BUTT TOGETHER
SINCE FRESHMAN YEAR!
NICELY DONE!
YOU'VE GOT PIZZAZZ...
AND THAT'LL TAKE YOU FAR!
SO YOU GET...
THREE STARS FOR "EXECUTION"
AND FIVE STARS
FOR "ORIGINALITY!"
NOW I'VE HEARD IT ALL.
GIVING OUT STARS!?
IGNORE HIM.
IT'S HIS DREAM
TO JUDGE A TALENT
SEARCH REALITY SHOW!
SO HE'S PRACTICING.
FINE! SO MAYBE YOU HAVE
A LONGER HISTORY WITH JADEN!
WELL, BIG DEAL!
I'M HERE TO FORTIFY
OUR FUTURE PLANS,
NOT TO WALLOW IN THE PAST!
SO LET'S MOVE ON!
REPORT FOR DUTY,
ARCHEONYS!
NOW THIS MONSTER
HAS A SPECIAL PLACE
IN MY HEART!
'CAUSE I PLAYED IT AGAINST
JADEN ON THE DAY WE MET.
BUT YOU WOULDN'T KNOW,
SINCE I WAS JADEN'S
ONLY WINGMAN THAT DAY.
BUT LIKE I SAID,
THAT'S IN THE PAST.
SO MOVIN' AHEAD,
I'LL PLAY THIS CARD!
IT'S A HANDY SPELL
KNOWN AS ULTRA EVOLUTION!
AND IT LETS ME SACRIFICE
MY WINGED BEAST TO SUMMON
A DINOSAUR TO THE FIELD!
FRONT AND CENTER!
BLACK TYRANNO!
[ROARING]
I DEDICATE THIS
MOVE TO JADEN
IN HONOR OF THE DAY
OUR BOND BEGAN.
WAY TO SHOW US
YOUR TENDER SIDE!
THAT'S' EXACTLY WHAT THIS
COMPETITION'S ABOUT, DOG!
TIME TO ACTIVATE
MY DINO'S ABILITY!
IF ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ARE IN DEFENSE MODE,
BLACK TYRANNO CAN
BYPASS THEIR DEFENSE
AND ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
THIS'LL TEACH YOU
TO TRY AND OUTRANK ME!
BLACK TYRANNO!
RELIEVE THE ENEMY OF
SOME OF HIS LIFE POINTS!
SYRUS!
DEPLETED OF MORE
THAN HALF YOUR POINTS!
AND I'M STILL FIGHTIN'
AT FULL CAPACITY!
HA HA HA!
WELL, SOLDIER?
READY TO SURRENDER!?
AS IF!
YOU USED THAT EXACT
SAME STRATEGY WHEN YOU
FOUGHT JADEN!
AND I OUGHT TO KNOW.
I WAS THERE!
YOU WERE?
MUST HAVE BLOCKED IT OUT.
MAYBE THIS'LL
REFRESH YOUR MEMORY!
I PLAY SUBMARINEROID!
AND THANKS TO
ITS SUBTERRANEAN
SNEAK ATTACK...
IT SNEAKS PAST
YOUR MONSTERS
AND TORPEDOES YOU
DIRECTLY!
SAM HILL!
NO!
AAH!
AND JUST TO MAKE SURE
MY LIFE POINTS ARE SAFE,
MY SUBMARINEROID
SWITCHES TO DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN TWO
FACEDOWNS AND END MY TURN!
YOUR DIRECT ATTACK BARELY
LEFT A MARK, SOLDIER!
THIS DUEL IS MINE.
OH, YEAH?!
A DUEL ISN'T OVER UNTIL
THE LAST CARD'S PLAYED!
IS THAT RIGHT?
THAT'S GOTTA BE
THE MOST PATHETIC ADVICE
I'VE EVER HEARD!
FOR YOUR INFORMATION,
JADEN TAUGHT ME THAT!
WELL, UPON FURTHER THOUGHT,
IT DOES MAKE A LOT OF SENSE.
YOU'RE A FRAUD!
AND I'M GONNA PROVE IT!
AT EASE,
PRIVATE TRUESDALE.
IT'S TIME TO ADVANCE
MY TROOPS NOW.
[THINKING]
THIS IS GONNA BE
A RISKY MANEUVER.
IT'S ROLL CALL!
GIANT REX, YOU'RE UP!
DESTROY SUBMARINEROID!
WHENEVER ONE OF MY MACHINE
MONSTERS IS ATTACKED,
MY SUPERCHARGER TRAP
AUTOMATICALLY ACTIVATES!
NOW I CAN DRAW TWO CARDS!
[THINKING] HE STILL
HAS TWO LANDMINES,
BUT THAT'S A RISK
I HAVE TO TAKE.
BLACK TYRANNO!
DIRECT ATTACK!
ANYONE TRYIN' TO STAND
BETWEEN ME AND JADEN
GETS SQUASHED LIKE
A SKUNK ON A FREEWAY!
FIVE STARS
FOR WORD CHOICE!
THAT EARNED YOU A SPOT
IN THE SEMI-FINALS!
WHAT YOU LACK IN GRACE,
YOU MAKE UP FOR
WITH THAT GRITTINESS
WE'VE COME TO LOVE!
IF ANYONE ASKS,
YOU AND I ARE
NOT RELATED.
SORRY, SARGE!
YOU TRIGGERED MY TRAP!
CYBER SUMMON BLASTER!
IT STOPS YOUR ATTACK
AND TAKES 300 OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS
EVERY TIME I SPECIAL
SUMMON A MACHINE!
WHATEVER IT IS YOU'RE
PLANNIN' TO DO WITH
THAT CARD, FORGET IT!
'CAUSE IT'S HISTORY!
THANKS TO THIS HERE
SPELL CARD!
IT'S DINO STOMP
AND IT DESTROYS ONE TRAP!
I KNEW YOU'D SAVE
YOUR BEST TRAP FOR LAST,
SO I WAS PREPARED!
([ROARING)
ACTUALLY,
THE JOKE'S ON YOU!
IT WAS WONDER GARAGE!
YOU LOST ME, PIPSQUEAK.
WHEN THIS CARD IS SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SPECIAL SUMMON
A LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW
MACHINE-TYPE MONSTER
TO MY HAND!
SO I PLAY DRILLOID!
WHICH MEANS MY
BLASTER ACTIVATES
AND FIRES ON YOU
DIRECTLY!
BIG DEAL! 300 POINTS
IS NOTHIN'!
AND NOW MY TYRANNO CAN
SNUFF OUT YOUR DRILLOID!
I'LL END WITH
A FACEDOWN. DONE.
THINK YOU'RE TOUGH?
WATCH THIS!
I'LL KICK THINGS OFF
WITH POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL USE IT TO FUSE
MY AMBULANCEROID
WITH MY RESCUEROID
IN ORDER TO CREATE
AMBULANCE RESCUEROID!
2,300 ATTACK POINTS!?
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND SINCE A FUSION
IS A SPECIAL SUMMON,
MY BLASTER FIRES
AGAIN!
NOW AMBULANCE
RESCUEROID, ATTACK!
I'M NOT DONE!
I SUMMON DECOYROID
IN DEFENSE MODE!
OK. I THINK I'VE
PUNISHED YOU ENOUGH.
SO NOW, I'LL END
MY TURN WITH THIS.
OH, AND AS LONG MY
DECOYROID'S IN PLAY,
IT'S THE ONLY
MONSTER YOU'RE
ALLOWED TO ATTACK!
WITH AMBULANCE RESCUEROID
IN ATTACK MODE,
I MAY NOT BE ABLE TO USE
MY TYRANNO'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
BUT I CAN SEND YOUR LITTLE
DECOYROID ON A ONE-WAY TRIP!
TO THE CARD GRAVEYARD,
THAT IS!
NOT GONNA HAPPEN!
AMBULANCE RESCUEROID
HAS A TALENT YOU
SHOULD KNOW ABOUT.
ANYTIME YOU DESTROY
ONE OF MY MONSTERS,
IT CAN RESCUE
THE MONSTER
FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO GO AHEAD
AND TRY IT, PAL!
NO WAY! SO AS SOON
AS I ATTACK YOUR DECOYROID,
IT'S GONNA COME RIGHT
BACK TO THE FIELD?
NOW, WAIT A SEC...
SINCE THAT'S THE ONLY
MONSTER I CAN ATTACK...
I'M TRAPPED!
OR MAYBE NOT!
WATCH THIS!
I SACRIFICE MY TYRANNO
TO ACTIVATE A FIELD SPELL!
BIG EVOLUTION!
NOW FOR THREE TURNS,
I CAN SUMMON ANY
DINOSAUR MONSTER
WITHOUT HAVING TO MAKE
A SACRIFICE!
SO NOW I PLAY ULTIMATE
TYRANNO IN ATTACK MODE!
AAH!
ULTIMATE TYRANNO!
DEVOUR HIS DECOYROID!
NOT TO WORRY!
I'LL SAVE YOU, PAL!
AND WHEN DECOYROID
COMES BACK,
MY BLASTER ACTIVATES!
GO!
YOU CAN ONLY USE THAT
TRICK ONCE PER TURN!
BUT MY TYRANNO...
HE'S GOT A BETTER TRICK!
THIS BAD BOY CAN
ATTACK EVERY SINGLE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS
IN ONE MOVE!
THIS DUEL'S OVER,
LITTLE MAN!
AND THE TITLE OF
JADEN'S SECOND-IN-COMMAND
CLEARLY RESTS
WITH YOURS TRULY!
YOU'RE FORGETTING
WHAT I TOLD YOU.
A DUEL ISN'T OVER
UNTIL THE LAST
CARD'S PLAYED.
AND LAST I CHECKED,
I STILL HAVE SOME
CARDS LEFT!
SO I ACTIVATE MY
DE-FUSION SPELL CARD,
WHICH BRINGS BACK
AMBULANCEROID
AND RESCUEROID!
GUESS WHAT.
THAT COUNTS AS
TWO SPECIAL SUMMONS
SO MY BLASTER
FIRES TWICE!
ALL RIGHT!
THE BATTLE RAGES ON!
HA HA HA HA!
END OF THE LINE!
I DON'T THINK SO.
'CAUSE MY RESCUEROID'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES!
WHENEVER ONE
OF MY MONSTERS IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
THAT MONSTER
GETS RESCUED
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND RETURNS TO MY HAND!
THEN AMBULANCEROID'S
POWER KICKS IN!
WHEN A CARD MOVES FROM
MY GRAVE TO MY HAND,
I CAN SUMMON IT!
BUT THAT MEANS...
YUP! MY CYBER SUMMON
BLASTER ACTIVATES AGAIN!
Bastion: SO EVERY TIME
DECOYROID SHOWS UP,
HIS DINO HAS TO BATTLE IT,
WHICH THEN ACTIVATES
SYRUS'S OTHER TWO CARDS!
IT'S A NON-STOP LOOP.
I'M DONE FOR!
THERE'S NO WAY YOU
CAN WIN, HASSLEBERRY!
SO KEEP BRINGIN' IT!
I DON'T KNOW HOW,
BUT SYRUS WON.
HE KNEW EXACTLY HOW
HASSLEBERRY WOULD DUEL.
AND SO HE SET UP
THE ULTIMATE TRAP.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
THE VOTES ARE IN, FOLKS.
OUR SHOW'S
ALMOST THROUGH.
WHAT?
WHO IS VOTING?
ALMOST DONE!
ONE MORE BLAST...
AND YOU'RE GONNA
BE MY SUBORDINATE,
YOU....GOT....THAT?
AW, MAN...
DON'T CHARGE!
AS IF I HAD A CHOICE.
Bastion: SYRUS?
YOU DON'T LOOK
SO GOOD, SY!
UH, I'LL BE FINE.
I JUST HAVEN'T BEEN
GETTING MUCH SLEEP THESE DAYS.
HEY, YOU WERE RIGHT.
HE MUST'VE BEEN OUT
SEARCHING FOR JADEN
EVERY NIGHT.
AND HE HASN'T BEEN
EATING MUCH, EITHER.
WAIT, WHAT?
A SEARCH AND RESCUE!?
BUT HE MAY NOT EVEN BE
ON THE ISLAND!
OF COURSE HE'S STILL
WHERE ELSE
WOULD HE GO?
I MEAN, DUELING
IS JADEN'S LIFE.
WHY WOULD HE LEAVE
DUEL ACADEMY?
WHAT, SO HE'S JUST
WANDERING AROUND!?
WHO KNOWS?
BUT SY'S RIGHT.
HE'S PROBABLY LOST.
I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU GUYS,
BUT IF JADEN
IS LOST,
I'M GONNA DO
SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
A TRUE BEST FRIEND.
I JUST WON THE DUEL.
Jaden: NICE ONE, SY!
HA HA!
JADEN!
I KNEW YOU'D COME BACK!
I JUST KNEW IT!
Alexis: SYRUS!
Bastion:
HE'S FINE.
JUST TAKING
A WELL-EARNED NAP.
JURASSIC IMPACT.
FOR THE PRICE OF
1,000 LIFE POINTS,
THIS TRAP CARD DESTROYS
EVERY SINGLE MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
IF ONLY I HAD
PLAYED THIS CARD,
THIS DUEL WOULD'VE
ENDED A LOT DIFFERENTLY.
MINUS 5 STARS
FOR NOT HAVING FAITH
THAT JADEN'S STILL
OUT THERE!
YOU KNOW, THIS DELUSION
OF YOURS IS GETTIN'
REAL ANNOYING.
BESIDES, I REALIZE NOW
THAT SYRUS OUGHT TO BE
JADEN'S WINGMAN.
NOT ME.
HASSLEBERRY!
YOU GOT THE LUNCHES?
AND THE SNACKS!?
YEAH...
WHAT ABOUT THE TENT?
WHY AM I CARRYING
ALL THIS!?
'CAUSE YOU LOST!
THAT MAKES YOU MY SERVANT,
AND SERVANTS CARRY STUFF.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS.
HEY! YOU'RE EATIN'
ALL OUR RATIONS, SON!
OF COURSE!
I HAVE TO BE STRONG.
I NEED ENERGY IF I'M GONNA
LEAD THIS EXPEDITION.
I SHOULD HAVE TAKEN HIM OUT
WHEN I HAD THE CHANCE.
PIPE DOWN, SUBORDINATE!
AAH!
TIME TO MOVE OUT!
FORWARD MARCH!
COME ON!
DON'T LAG BEHIND!
LEFT... LEFT...
AW, MAN, WHAT AM I DOING
ALL THE WAY BACK HERE?!
I'M NEVER GONNA FIND MY WAY
BACK TO THE RED DORM!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE
CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪